Readme.md, before:

# Welcome to my home assistant configuration #



## Frontend ##

Themes used:
- Google Light Theme (during day)
- Google Dark Theme (during night)


![](https://github.com/skank01/Home-Assistant/blob/master/images/Lovelace_Home.JPG)

![](https://github.com/skank01/Home-Assistant/blob/master/images/Lovelace_Entertainment.JPG)

![](https://github.com/skank01/Home-Assistant/blob/master/images/Lovelace_Network.JPG)


![](https://github.com/skank01/Home-Assistant/blob/master/images/Lovelace_Server.JPG)

![](https://github.com/skank01/Home-Assistant/blob/master/images/Lovelace_Lichten.JPG)

![](https://github.com/skank01/Home-Assistant/blob/master/images/Lovelace_Household.JPG)


## Backend ##

### Addons ###
- [Samba Share](https://github.com/home-assistant/hassio-addons/tree/master/samba)
- [SSH Server](https://github.com/home-assistant/hassio-addons/tree/master/ssh)
- [Unifi Controller](https://github.com/hassio-addons/addon-unifi)
- [AdGuard Home](https://github.com/hassio-addons/addon-adguard-home)
- [Hass.io Google Drive Backup](https://github.com/sabeechen/hassio-google-drive-backup)
- [Check HA Configuration](https://github.com/home-assistant/hassio-addons/tree/master/check_config)
- [Mosquitto Broker](https://github.com/home-assistant/hassio-addons/tree/master/mosquitto)
- [Deconz](https://github.com/home-assistant/hassio-addons/tree/master/deconz)



### HACS (Home Assistant Community Store) ###

Integrations: 

- Unifi Gateway
- Garmin Connect
- Afvalbeheer
- Google Calendar
- Emby
- Emby Latest Media
- Roomba
- LG WebOS 

Plugins:

- Bar Card
- Battery State Card
- Button Card
- Calendar Card
- Custom Header
- Entity Attributes Card
- Harmony Card
- Mini Graph Card
- Weather Card
- Fold-entity-row
- Slider-entity-row
- Layout-card
- Vertical-stack-in-card
- Card-mod
- Homekit panel card
- Auto-entities
- mm2-clock-card
- Upcoming-media-card
- Xiaomi-vacuum-card
- Mini media player
- Check button card




## Devices ##

### Network ###
- [Unifi USG](https://www.ui.com/unifi-routing/usg/)
- [Unifi 16 PoE Switch](https://www.ui.com/unifi-switching/unifi-switch-16-150w/)
- [Unifi Access Points](https://www.ui.com/unifi/unifi-ap-ac-lite/)

### System ###
My system is a [Raspberry Pi 4B+ with 4 gig RAM](https://www.raspberrypi.org/products/raspberry-pi-4-model-b/) running [Raspbian](https://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads/raspbian/).
All data is on a [Samsung Fit Plus 128GB USB flash drive](https://www.samsung.com/us/computing/memory-storage/usb-flash-drives/usb-3-1-flash-drive-fit-plus-128gb-muf-128ab-am/).
Several addons are installed:


### Gateways ###
- [Harmony Hub](https://support.myharmony.com/nl-us/hub)
- [ConBee II](https://phoscon.de/en/conbee2)

### Smart Speakers ###
- [Google Nest Hub Max](https://store.google.com/us/product/google_nest_hub_max?hl=en-US)
- [Google Nest Hub](https://store.google.com/be/product/google_nest_hub?hl=nl-BE)
- [Google Home Mini](https://store.google.com/be/product/google_nest_mini?hl=nl-BE)
- [Sonos Play One](https://www.sonos.com/nl-be/shop/one.html)

### Lights ###
- [Philips Hue GU10](https://www2.meethue.com/nl-be/p/hue-white-ambiance-2-pack-gu10/8718699629298)
- [Philips Hue E14](https://www2.meethue.com/nl-be/p/hue-white-ambiance-losse-kaarslamp-e14-duopak/8718696695265)
- [Philips Hue E27](https://www2.meethue.com/nl-be/p/hue-white-1-pack-e27/8718696785317)
- [Icasa Zigbee Dimmer](https://www.beaumotica.nl/icasa-iczb-iw11d-ac-dimmer-7061257407014)
- [Icasa Zigbee Switch](https://www.beaumotica.nl/icasa-iczb-iw11sw-ac-switch-7104389273352)


### Sensors ###
- [4x Aqara door/window sensors](https://www.xiaomiproducts.nl/xiaomi-aqara-deur-en-raam-sensor-104834619.html)


### Plugs ###
- [2x Blitzwolf Smart Plugs](https://m.blitzwolf.com/ZigBee-3.0-Smart-Socket-EU-p-518.html)
- [2x Innr SP120 Plugs](https://www.beaumotica.nl/innr-smart-plug-aan-uit-schakelaar-doorsteek-stekker)


### Other ###
- [Unipi Neuron M203](https://www.unipi.technology/unipi-neuron-m203-p97)



## Ordered ##

Nothing for now



## Automations ##

Coming


## To do ##
- Laundry sensors
- Doorbell
- Security Cams
- More automations
- ...

## Inspiration ##

Inspiration and code was taken from many different sources:

- [Duboisph](https://github.com/duboisph/home-assistant-config)
- [Hmmbob](https://github.com/hmmbob/HomeAssistantConfig)
- [Basnijholt](https://github.com/basnijholt/home-assistant-config)

Commit message:

Added nabu casa, tablet, cleaning stuff and script

Readme.md, after:

# Welcome to my home assistant configuration #



## Frontend ##

Themes used:
- Google Light Theme (during day)
- Google Dark Theme (during night)


![](https://github.com/skank01/Home-Assistant/blob/master/images/Lovelace_Home.JPG)

![](https://github.com/skank01/Home-Assistant/blob/master/images/Lovelace_Entertainment.JPG)

![](https://github.com/skank01/Home-Assistant/blob/master/images/Lovelace_Network.JPG)


![](https://github.com/skank01/Home-Assistant/blob/master/images/Lovelace_Server.JPG)

![](https://github.com/skank01/Home-Assistant/blob/master/images/Lovelace_Lichten.JPG)

![](https://github.com/skank01/Home-Assistant/blob/master/images/Lovelace_Household.JPG)


## Backend ##

### Addons ###
- [Samba Share](https://github.com/home-assistant/hassio-addons/tree/master/samba)
- [SSH Server](https://github.com/home-assistant/hassio-addons/tree/master/ssh)
- [Unifi Controller](https://github.com/hassio-addons/addon-unifi)
- [AdGuard Home](https://github.com/hassio-addons/addon-adguard-home)
- [Hass.io Google Drive Backup](https://github.com/sabeechen/hassio-google-drive-backup)
- [Check HA Configuration](https://github.com/home-assistant/hassio-addons/tree/master/check_config)
- [Mosquitto Broker](https://github.com/home-assistant/hassio-addons/tree/master/mosquitto)
- [Deconz](https://github.com/home-assistant/hassio-addons/tree/master/deconz)



### HACS (Home Assistant Community Store) ###

Integrations: 

- Unifi Gateway
- Garmin Connect
- Afvalbeheer
- Google Calendar
- Emby
- Emby Latest Media
- Roomba
- LG WebOS 

Plugins:

- Bar Card
- Battery State Card
- Button Card
- Calendar Card
- Custom Header
- Entity Attributes Card
- Harmony Card
- Mini Graph Card
- Weather Card
- Fold-entity-row
- Slider-entity-row
- Layout-card
- Vertical-stack-in-card
- Card-mod
- Homekit panel card
- Auto-entities
- mm2-clock-card
- Upcoming-media-card
- Xiaomi-vacuum-card
- Mini media player
- Check button card




## Devices ##

### Network ###
- [Unifi USG](https://www.ui.com/unifi-routing/usg/)
- [Unifi 16 PoE Switch](https://www.ui.com/unifi-switching/unifi-switch-16-150w/)
- [Unifi Access Points](https://www.ui.com/unifi/unifi-ap-ac-lite/)

### System ###
My system is a [Raspberry Pi 4B+ with 4 gig RAM](https://www.raspberrypi.org/products/raspberry-pi-4-model-b/) running [Raspbian](https://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads/raspbian/).
All data is on a [Samsung Fit Plus 128GB USB flash drive](https://www.samsung.com/us/computing/memory-storage/usb-flash-drives/usb-3-1-flash-drive-fit-plus-128gb-muf-128ab-am/).
Several addons are installed:


### Gateways ###
- [Harmony Hub](https://support.myharmony.com/nl-us/hub)
- [ConBee II](https://phoscon.de/en/conbee2)

### Tablet ###

- Running [Fully Kiosk Browser](https://www.fully-kiosk.com/) on a samsung galaxy Tab S3 as central point in my living room. Screen comes on when i'm in front of it. It automatically switches off, as soon as i walk away. Powered with [this](https://www.robbshop.nl/scharge-oplader-voor-inbouwdoos-met-usb-c-12w-aansluiting-voor-ipad-pro?sqr=scharge%20usb&) attached to the wall with a  [Vogel mount](https://www.vogels.com/nl-be/c/tms-1010-muurpakket-voor-tablets).

### Smart Speakers ###
- [Google Nest Hub Max](https://store.google.com/us/product/google_nest_hub_max?hl=en-US)
- [Google Nest Hub](https://store.google.com/be/product/google_nest_hub?hl=nl-BE)
- [Google Home Mini](https://store.google.com/be/product/google_nest_mini?hl=nl-BE)
- [Sonos Play One](https://www.sonos.com/nl-be/shop/one.html)

### Lights ###
- [Philips Hue GU10](https://www2.meethue.com/nl-be/p/hue-white-ambiance-2-pack-gu10/8718699629298)
- [Philips Hue E14](https://www2.meethue.com/nl-be/p/hue-white-ambiance-losse-kaarslamp-e14-duopak/8718696695265)
- [Philips Hue E27](https://www2.meethue.com/nl-be/p/hue-white-1-pack-e27/8718696785317)
- [Icasa Zigbee Dimmer](https://www.beaumotica.nl/icasa-iczb-iw11d-ac-dimmer-7061257407014)
- [Icasa Zigbee Switch](https://www.beaumotica.nl/icasa-iczb-iw11sw-ac-switch-7104389273352)


### Sensors ###
- [4x Aqara door/window sensors](https://www.xiaomiproducts.nl/xiaomi-aqara-deur-en-raam-sensor-104834619.html)


### Plugs ###
- [2x Blitzwolf Smart Plugs](https://m.blitzwolf.com/ZigBee-3.0-Smart-Socket-EU-p-518.html)
- [2x Innr SP120 Plugs](https://www.beaumotica.nl/innr-smart-plug-aan-uit-schakelaar-doorsteek-stekker)


### Other ###
- [Unipi Neuron M203](https://www.unipi.technology/unipi-neuron-m203-p97)
- [Nabu Casa Account](https://www.nabucasa.com/)



## Ordered ##

- [Unipi Extension xS11](https://www.unipi.technology/unipi-extension-xs11-p336?categoryId=40)



## Automations ##

Coming


## To do ##
- Heating
- Fireplace
- Doorbell
- Security Cams
- More automations
- ...

## Inspiration ##

Inspiration and code was taken from many different sources:

- [Duboisph](https://github.com/duboisph/home-assistant-config)
- [Hmmbob](https://github.com/hmmbob/HomeAssistantConfig)
- [Basnijholt](https://github.com/basnijholt/home-assistant-config)
